Add reliability QoS changes to NEWS (#1587)
objectcomputing/OpenDDS: NEWS.md

- GuardCondition _narrow (#1407)
- "make install" with DESTDIR (#1429, #1440)
- Support for multiple transport instances in the same transport configuration (#1465)

> - The reliability QoS for DataWriters and Topics is now immutable (#1131, #1584)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The reliability QoS for DataWriters and Topics is now immutable, matching the DDS 1.4 spec (#1584)
```
